A folder named Lessons was provided to you under your file-mgmt directory. This folder also contains some folders and dummy files. 
When instructed for taking screenshots save the screenshots in your device with appropriate name and show those to mentor/leader. For example, if you take a screenshot for task 4 you can name the image with task4 or task_4.

Tasks to complete:
Complete the following tasks:

1. Open the Lessons folder. Within this folder create a folder.

2. Rename the newly created folder as "Tasks". Take a screenshot of the screen showing the renamed folder. Save and show the screenshot to your mentor. 

3. Open the Tasks folder and create a python file using the Python 3 option from launcher.

4. Rename the newly created python file as "Task4". Full file name should look like "Task4.ipynb". Take a screenshot of the screen showing the renamed file under "Tasks" folder and save and show it to the mentor.

5. Explore "Lessons" folder and it's subfolders and find "Task5.ipynb" file. Open the file and save and show a screenshot to the mentor.

6. Make a copy of this "Task5.ipynb" file into the "Tasks" folder that you’ve created by completing task 1 and 2. Rename the file as Task6. Full file name should look like Task6.ipynb. Provide a screenshot of your Tasks folder showing the Task6.ipynb file in it.

7. Explore Lessons folder and it's subfolders and find "Notebook2.ipynb". Move file under "Chapter2" folder. Take a screenshot showing that "Notebook2.ipynb" is under "Chapter2" folder and save and show it to the mentor.

8. Explore "Lessons" folder and it's subfolders and find the "Chapter3" folder. Move the folder under "Lessons" folder. Take a screenshot showing that "Chapter3" is under "Lessons" folder and save and show it to the mentor.

9. Explore "Lessons" folder and it's subfolders and find the folder named as "Untitled-Folder". Delete the folder. Take a screenshot after deleting showing that this folder is no longer under it’s parent folder.

10. After completing task 1-9, pick paper and pen/pencil and draw the full file structure of the Lessons folder and everything it contains. Show this to your mentor.



Additional Tasks to complete:

Suppose you were given the following file structure in your root folder. Write answers for the following questions on a paper and show it to your mentor.

root
	Lessons
		Chapter1
			Notebook1.ipynb
			Task5.ipynb
			Dataset1
				Ch1.csv
		Chapter2
			Notebook2.ipynb
			Dataset2
				Ch2.csv
		Chapter3
			Ch3.csv
		Tasks
			Task4.ipynb
			Task6.ipynb

I.	If your current directory is Chapter1 what is the relative path for Ch1.csv file?
Ans:

II.	If your current directory is Chapter1 what is the relative path for Ch3.csv file?
Ans:

III.	If your current directory is Chapter1 what is the relative path for Ch2.csv file?
Ans:

IV.	What is the absolute path for Ch1.csv file?
Ans:

V.	What is the absolute path for Task4.ipynb?
Ans:
